feat: add ownership responsibilities and implications clarification (#230)
hyperlane-xyz/v3-docs: docs/guides/transfer-warp-route-ownership.mdx

import WarpApplySymbolConfigDefaultPartial from "/docs/partials/warp-routes/commands/_warp-apply-symbol-config-default.mdx";

# How to Transfer Ownership of Your Hyperlane Warp Route

This guide provides a step-by-step guide to transferring ownership of your Hyperlane Warp Route. It also explains the responsibilities, security considerations, and configuration options that come with owning a Warp Route.

## Warp Route Ownership Overview

Before transferring ownership of your Warp Route, it’s important to understand what this ownership entails. Ownership grants control over configuration settings, such as the Interchain Security Module (ISM), Validator options, and other parameters critical to security.

:::info
Warp Routes are often deployed by the Hyperlane team, the chain team, or the application team. Once a mailbox is set up on the chain, anyone can deploy a Warp Route.
:::

### Overview of Ownership

- **Responsibilities:** As the owner, you take on responsibilities that include managing security configurations, like the ISM and Validator settings, to meet your specific security and operational goals.

> - **Security & Autonomy**: Ownership choices often come down to security and control preferences. Teams can choose **full ownership** for complete autonomy, or **joint ownership** with Hyperlane to share security management. Joint ownership enables collaborative decision-making on critical updates, which can increase trust for users and developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Security & Autonomy**: Ownership choices often come down to security and control preferences. We strongly recommend using a multisig like a Gnosis Safe for any production setups. Teams can choose **full ownership** for complete autonomy, or **joint ownership** on the multisig to share security management. Joint ownership enables collaborative decision-making on critical updates, which can increase trust for users and developers.
```
